---Fields in module 'base_address_city'---
base_address_city / base_import.mapping      / column_name (char)            : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.mapping      / field_name (char)             : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.mapping      / res_model (char)              : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char / value (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.noreadonly / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.noreadonly / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.noreadonly / value (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.readonly / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.readonly / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.readonly / value (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.required / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.required / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.required / value (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.states / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.states / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.states / value (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.stillreadonly / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.stillreadonly / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.char.stillreadonly / value (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.complex / c (char)                      : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.complex / currency_id (many2one)        : NEW relation: res.currency
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.complex / d (date)                      : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.complex / dt (datetime)                 : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.complex / f (float)                     : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.complex / m (float)                     : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.float / currency_id (many2one)        : NEW relation: res.currency
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.float / value (float)                 : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.float / value2 (float)                : NEW 
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o / value (many2one)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o.related / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o.related / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o.related / value (integer)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o.required / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o.required / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o.required / value (many2one)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o.required.related / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o.required.related / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.m2o.required.related / value (integer)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.o2m / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.o2m / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.o2m / value (one2many)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.o2m.child / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.o2m.child / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.o2m.child / parent_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.o2m.child / value (integer)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.preview / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.preview / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.preview / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.preview / othervalue (integer)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / base_import.tests.models.preview / somevalue (integer)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / iap.account              / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / iap.account              / account_token (char)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / iap.account              / company_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / iap.account              / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / iap.account              / service_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / binding_model_id (many2one)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / binding_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / help (html)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / target (selection)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / type (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / url (text)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_url       / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / auto_search (boolean)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / binding_model_id (many2one)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / binding_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / context (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / domain (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / filter (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / groups_id (many2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / help (html)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / limit (integer)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / multi (boolean)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / res_id (integer)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / res_model (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / search_view (text)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / search_view_id (many2one)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / src_model (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / target (selection)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / type (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / usage (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / view_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / view_ids (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / view_mode (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / view_type (selection)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / views (binary)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window    / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window.view / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window.view / act_window_id (many2one)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window.view / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window.view / multi (boolean)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window.view / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window.view / view_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window.view / view_mode (selection)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window_close / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window_close / binding_model_id (many2one)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window_close / binding_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window_close / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window_close / help (html)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window_close / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window_close / type (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.act_window_close / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.actions       / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.actions       / binding_model_id (many2one)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.actions       / binding_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.actions       / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.actions       / help (html)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.actions       / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.actions       / type (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.actions       / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / binding_model_id (many2one)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / binding_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / context (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / help (html)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / params (binary)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / params_store (binary)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / res_model (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / tag (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / target (selection)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / type (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.client        / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / attachment (char)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / attachment_use (boolean)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / binding_model_id (many2one)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / binding_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / groups_id (many2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / help (html)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / model (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / multi (boolean)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / paperformat_id (many2one)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / print_report_name (char)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / report_file (char)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / report_name (char)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / report_type (selection)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / type (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.report        / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / binding_model_id (many2one)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / binding_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / child_ids (many2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / code (text)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / crud_model_id (many2one)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / crud_model_name (char)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / fields_lines (one2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / help (html)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / link_field_id (many2one)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / model_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / model_name (char)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / state (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / type (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / usage (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.server        / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.todo          / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.todo          / action_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.todo          / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.todo          / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.todo          / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.actions.todo          / state (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / access_token (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / active (boolean)              : NEW 
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / checksum (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / company_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / datas (binary)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / datas_fname (char)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / db_datas (binary)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / description (text)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / file_size (integer)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / index_content (text)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / local_url (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / mimetype (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / public (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / res_field (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / res_id (integer)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / res_model (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / res_name (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / store_fname (char)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / thumbnail (binary)            : NEW attachment: True
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / type (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.attachment            / url (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.config_parameter      / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.config_parameter      / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.config_parameter      / key (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.config_parameter      / value (text)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / _inherits (False)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / binding_model_id (many2one)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / binding_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / child_ids (many2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / code (text)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / cron_name (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / crud_model_id (many2one)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / crud_model_name (char)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / doall (boolean)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / fields_lines (one2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / help (html)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / interval_number (integer)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / interval_type (selection)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / ir_actions_server_id (many2one): previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / link_field_id (many2one)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / model_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / model_name (char)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / nextcall (datetime)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / numbercall (integer)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / priority (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / state (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / type (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / usage (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / user_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.cron                  / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.default               / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.default               / company_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.default               / condition (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.default               / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.default               / field_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.default               / json_value (char)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.default               / user_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.exports               / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.exports               / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.exports               / export_fields (one2many)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.exports               / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.exports               / resource (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.exports.line          / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.exports.line          / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.exports.line          / export_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.exports.line          / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / action_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / context (text)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / domain (text)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / is_default (boolean)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / model_id (selection)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / sort (text)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.filters               / user_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / dbname (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / func (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / level (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / line (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / message (text)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / path (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.logging               / type (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / smtp_debug (boolean)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / smtp_encryption (selection)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / smtp_host (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / smtp_pass (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / smtp_port (integer)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.mail_server           / smtp_user (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / access_ids (one2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / count (integer)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / field_id (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / info (text)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / inherited_model_ids (many2many): previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / model (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / modules (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / rule_ids (one2many)           : NEW relation: ir.rule
base_address_city / ir.model                 / state (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / transient (boolean)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model                 / view_ids (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / group_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / model_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / perm_create (boolean)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / perm_read (boolean)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / perm_unlink (boolean)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.access          / perm_write (boolean)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.constraint      / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.constraint      / date_init (datetime)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.constraint      / date_update (datetime)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.constraint      / definition (char)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.constraint      / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.constraint      / model (many2one)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.constraint      / module (many2one)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.constraint      / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.constraint      / type (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / complete_name (char)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / date_init (datetime)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / date_update (datetime)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / model (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / module (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / noupdate (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / reference (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.data            / res_id (integer)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / column1 (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / column2 (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / complete_name (char)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / compute (text)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / copy (boolean)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / depends (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / domain (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / field_description (char)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / groups (many2many)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / help (text)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / index (boolean)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / model (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / model_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / modules (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / on_delete (selection)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / readonly (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / related (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / relation (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / relation_field (char)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / relation_table (char)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / required (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / selectable (boolean)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / selection (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / size (integer)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / state (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / store (boolean)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / translate (boolean)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.fields          / ttype (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.relation        / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.relation        / date_init (datetime)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.relation        / date_update (datetime)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.relation        / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.relation        / model (many2one)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.relation        / module (many2one)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.model.relation        / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / child_ids (one2many)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / description (text)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / exclusive (boolean)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / module_ids (one2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / module_nr (integer)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / parent_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / visible (boolean)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.category       / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / application (boolean)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / author (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / auto_install (boolean)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / category_id (many2one)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / contributors (text)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / demo (boolean)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / dependencies_id (one2many)    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / description (text)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / description_html (html)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / exclusion_ids (one2many)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / icon (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / icon_image (binary)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / installed_version (char)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / latest_version (char)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / license (selection)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / maintainer (char)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / menus_by_module (text)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / published_version (char)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / reports_by_module (text)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / shortdesc (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / state (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / summary (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / to_buy (boolean)              : NEW 
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / url (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / views_by_module (text)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module         / website (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.dependency / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.dependency / depend_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.dependency / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.dependency / module_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.dependency / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.dependency / state (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.exclusion / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.exclusion / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.exclusion / exclusion_id (many2one)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.exclusion / module_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.exclusion / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.module.module.exclusion / state (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / company_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / fields_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / res_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / type (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / value_binary (binary)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / value_datetime (datetime)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / value_float (float)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / value_integer (integer)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / value_reference (char)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.property              / value_text (text)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / domain_force (text)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / global (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / groups (many2many)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / model_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / perm_create (boolean)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / perm_read (boolean)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / perm_unlink (boolean)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.rule                  / perm_write (boolean)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / code (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / company_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / date_range_ids (one2many)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / implementation (selection)    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / number_increment (integer)    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / number_next (integer)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / number_next_actual (integer)  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / padding (integer)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / prefix (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / suffix (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence              / use_date_range (boolean)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence.date_range   / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence.date_range   / date_from (date)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence.date_range   / date_to (date)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence.date_range   / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence.date_range   / number_next (integer)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence.date_range   / number_next_actual (integer)  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.sequence.date_range   / sequence_id (many2one)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.server.object.lines   / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.server.object.lines   / col1 (many2one)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.server.object.lines   / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.server.object.lines   / server_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.server.object.lines   / type (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.server.object.lines   / value (text)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / comments (text)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / lang (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / module (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / res_id (integer)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / source (text)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / src (text)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / state (selection)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / type (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.translation           / value (text)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / action (reference)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / child_id (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / complete_name (char)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / groups_id (many2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / parent_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / parent_path (char)            : NEW 
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / web_icon (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.menu               / web_icon_data (binary)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / arch (text)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / arch_base (text)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / arch_db (text)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / arch_fs (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / field_parent (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / groups_id (many2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / inherit_children_ids (one2many): previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / inherit_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / key (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / mode (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / model (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / model_data_id (many2one)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / model_ids (one2many)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / priority (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / type (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view               / xml_id (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view.custom        / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view.custom        / arch (text)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view.custom        / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view.custom        / ref_id (many2one)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / ir.ui.view.custom        / user_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.attribute    / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.attribute    / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.attribute    / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.attribute    / record_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.attribute    / value (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / database (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / last_log (text)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / password (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / port (integer)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / protocol (selection)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / server (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.comparison.config / username (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / attribute_ids (one2many)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / field (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / mode (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / model (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / module (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / noupdate (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / openupgrade.record       / type (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.layout            / image (char)                  : NEW 
base_address_city / report.layout            / pdf (char)                    : NEW 
base_address_city / report.layout            / view_id (many2one)            : NEW relation: ir.ui.view, required: required
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / default (boolean)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / dpi (integer)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / format (selection)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / header_line (boolean)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / header_spacing (integer)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / margin_bottom (float)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / margin_left (float)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / margin_right (float)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / margin_top (float)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / orientation (selection)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / page_height (integer)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / page_width (integer)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / report.paperformat       / report_ids (one2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / bic (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / city (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / country (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / email (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / phone (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / state (many2one)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / street (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / street2 (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.bank                 / zip (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / account_no (char)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / bank_ids (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / base_onboarding_company_state (selection): NEW selection_keys: ['done', 'just_done', 'not_done']
base_address_city / res.company              / child_ids (one2many)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / city (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / company_registry (char)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / country_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / currency_id (many2one)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / email (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / external_report_layout_id (many2one): NEW relation: ir.ui.view
base_address_city / res.company              / logo (binary)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / logo_web (binary)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / paperformat_id (many2one)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / parent_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / partner_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / phone (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / report_footer (text)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / report_header (text)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / state_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / street (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / street2 (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / user_ids (many2many)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / vat (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / website (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.company              / zip (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / address_format (text)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / address_view_id (many2one)    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / code (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / country_group_ids (many2many) : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / currency_id (many2one)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / image (binary)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / name_position (selection)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / phone_code (integer)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / state_ids (one2many)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country              / vat_label (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country.group        / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country.group        / country_ids (many2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country.group        / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country.group        / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country.state        / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country.state        / code (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country.state        / country_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country.state        / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.country.state        / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / currency_subunit_label (char) : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / currency_unit_label (char)    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / date (date)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / decimal_places (integer)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / position (selection)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / rate (float)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / rate_ids (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / rounding (float)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency             / symbol (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency.rate        / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency.rate        / company_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency.rate        / currency_id (many2one)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency.rate        / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency.rate        / name (date)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.currency.rate        / rate (float)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / category_id (many2one)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / color (integer)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / comment (text)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / full_name (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / implied_ids (many2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / menu_access (many2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / model_access (one2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / rule_groups (many2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / share (boolean)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / trans_implied_ids (many2many) : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / users (many2many)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.groups               / view_access (many2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / code (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / date_format (char)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / decimal_point (char)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / direction (selection)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / grouping (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / iso_code (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / thousands_sep (char)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / time_format (char)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / translatable (boolean)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.lang                 / week_start (selection)        : NEW required: required, selection_keys: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7], req_default: function
base_address_city / res.partner              / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / bank_ids (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / barcode (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / category_id (many2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / child_ids (one2many)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / city (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / color (integer)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / comment (text)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / commercial_company_name (char): previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / commercial_partner_id (many2one): previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / company_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / company_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / company_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / contact_address (char)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / country_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / credit_limit (float)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / customer (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / date (date)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / email (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / email_formatted (char)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / employee (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / function (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / image (binary)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / image_medium (binary)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / image_small (binary)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / industry_id (many2one)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / is_company (boolean)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / lang (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / mobile (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / parent_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / parent_name (char)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / partner_share (boolean)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / phone (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / ref (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / self (many2one)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / state_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / street (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / street2 (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / supplier (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / title (many2one)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / type (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / tz (selection)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / tz_offset (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / user_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / user_ids (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / vat (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / website (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner              / zip (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / acc_holder_name (char)        : NEW 
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / acc_number (char)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / bank_bic (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / bank_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / bank_name (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / company_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / currency_id (many2one)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / partner_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / sanitized_acc_number (char)   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.bank         / sequence (integer)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.category     / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.category     / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.category     / child_ids (one2many)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.category     / color (integer)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.category     / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.category     / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.category     / parent_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.category     / parent_path (char)            : NEW 
base_address_city / res.partner.category     / partner_ids (many2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.industry     / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.industry     / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.industry     / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.industry     / full_name (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.industry     / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.title        / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.title        / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.title        / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.partner.title        / shortcut (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / _inherits (False)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / action_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / active (boolean)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / bank_ids (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / barcode (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / category_id (many2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / child_ids (one2many)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / city (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / color (integer)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / comment (text)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / commercial_company_name (char): previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / commercial_partner_id (many2one): previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / companies_count (integer)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / company_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / company_ids (many2many)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / company_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / company_type (selection)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / contact_address (char)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / country_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / credit_limit (float)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / customer (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / date (date)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / email (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / email_formatted (char)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / employee (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / function (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / groups_id (many2many)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / image (binary)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / image_medium (binary)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / image_small (binary)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / industry_id (many2one)        : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / is_company (boolean)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / lang (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / log_ids (one2many)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / login (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / login_date (datetime)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / mobile (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / new_password (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / parent_id (many2one)          : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / parent_name (char)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / partner_id (many2one)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / partner_share (boolean)       : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / password (char)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / phone (char)                  : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / ref (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / self (many2one)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / share (boolean)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / signature (html)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / state_id (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / street (char)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / street2 (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / supplier (boolean)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / title (many2one)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / type (selection)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / tz (selection)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / tz_offset (char)              : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / user_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / user_ids (one2many)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / vat (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / website (char)                : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users                / zip (char)                    : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users.log            / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / res.users.log            / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / binary (binary)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / char (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / date (date)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / datetime (datetime)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / float (float)                 : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / html (html)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / integer (integer)             : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / many2one (many2one)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / numeric (float)               : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / selection (selection)         : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / selection_str (selection)     : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test / text (text)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test.sub / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test.sub / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_editor.converter.test.sub / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_tour.tour            / __last_update (datetime)      : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_tour.tour            / display_name (char)           : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_tour.tour            / name (char)                   : previously in module anonymization
base_address_city / web_tour.tour            / user_id (many2one)            : previously in module anonymization
---XML records in module 'base_address_city'---
