openerp/openupgrade/doc/source/community.rst, before:

Community involvement
=====================

Writing migration scripts for OpenERP is a lot of work, that can not be
accomplished by a single party.  We need your help.

If you are at all interested in discussing stategic, functional or
technical issues, please sign up to the *drivers* team:
`<https://launchpad.net/~openupgrade-drivers>`_.

If you are a developer, give the OpenUpgrade software a go and give us
feedback.  If you use the software, provide the project with your issue
reports and any migration scripts that you develop.  Help to improve the
developer tools and any existing or newly proposed migration script
contributed by others.

If you are an OpenERP consulting company, use the tools to help your
customers migrate to a newer major release of OpenERP and contribute
the scripts that you developed in the process.

If you are are using OpenERP professionally within your organisation,
consider hiring a OpenERP consulting company to migrate your configuration
using the technology provided by this project, and insist that the
resulting migration scripts be contributed back.

If you are an independent, knowledgable user of OpenERP and the OpenUpgrade
project covers the modules that you have in use, try and use the software
to upgrade a copy of your database and give us feedback.

Thank you!

Commit message:

[RFR] s/OpenERP/Odoo/ [FIX] Old references to Launchpad

openerp/openupgrade/doc/source/community.rst, after:

Community involvement
=====================

Writing migration scripts for Odoo is a lot of work, that can not be
accomplished by a single party.  We need your help.

If you are at all interested in discussing stategic, functional or
technical issues, please sign up to the *drivers* team:
`<https://launchpad.net/~openupgrade-drivers>`_.

If you are a developer, give the OpenUpgrade software a go and give us
feedback.  If you use the software, provide the project with your issue
reports and any migration scripts that you develop.  Help to improve the
developer tools and any existing or newly proposed migration script
contributed by others.

If you are an Odoo consulting company, use the tools to help your
customers migrate to a newer major release of Odoo and contribute
the scripts that you developed in the process.

If you are are using Odoo professionally within your organisation,
consider hiring a Odoo consulting company to migrate your configuration
using the technology provided by this project, and insist that the
resulting migration scripts be contributed back.

If you are an independent, knowledgable user of Odoo and the OpenUpgrade
project covers the modules that you have in use, try and use the software
to upgrade a copy of your database and give us feedback.

Thank you!
